@c =============================================================================
@page
@node    SDL Mixer X
@chapter SDL Mixer X

It's an extended fork made by Vitaly Novichkov "Wohlstand" in 13 January 2015.
SDL_mixer is a quick and stable high-quality audio library, however, it has own
bunch of deffects such as broken resampling, incorrect playback of WAV files,
inability to choose MIDI backend in runtime, inability to customize Timidty
patches path, No support for cross-fade and parallel streams playing (has only
one musical stream. Using of very long Chunks is ineffectively), etc. The goal
of this fork is resolving those issues, providing more extended functionality
than was originally, and providing support for more supported audio formats.

In this documentation, new-added functions, definitions, and enums in this fork
will be marked by @b{[Mixer X]} label. That means those functions are existing only
in SDL Mixer X fork and wasn't existed in original SDL_mixer library.

This fork is based on SDL_mixer 2.x unlike original documentation which is
created for SDL_mixer 1.2. Some functions would be marked by @b{[Mixer X]} label
which means those functions are not available in SDL_mixer 1.x, but available in
SDL_mixer 2.0 and SDL Mixer X fork.

@b{IMPORTANT}: The licenses for libGME is LGPL2+. Using of those modules makes
this library licensed under LGPL2+ and you must use it dynamically, or your
application must also be GPL!

@b{IMPORTANT}: The license for libADLMIDI, libOPNMIDI, libMAD is GPL which means
that in order to use it your application must also be GPL!
